feat [IDP-1959] : Added the release notes for the IDP v0.18.0 (#4886)
harness/developer-hub: release-notes/internal-developer-portal.md

:::

## January 2023

### Version 0.18.0

<!-- Jan 11, 2024 -->

🎉 Happy New Year to all our fantastic users! 🎉

> Since it's the first release of the year, we've wrapped up some interesting features for you, including a new Devtools Plugin and revamped RBAC roles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since it's the first release of the year, we've wrapped up some interesting features for you, including a new Devtools Plugin and revamped access control permissions.
```

- **Docs:** [Configuring Layout of IDP Catalog pages](https://developer.harness.io/docs/internal-developer-portal/get-started/layout-deepdive) [Role-based access control (RBAC)](https://developer.harness.io/docs/internal-developer-portal/rbac/resources-roles)

- **Videos:** [How to set the Owner of a Software Component](https://youtu.be/pQvqWBrXIhk?si=LqkJBDo63we929L4)

#### New features and enhancements

- Added Support for New [Devtools Plugin](https://github.com/backstage/backstage/blob/master/plugins/devtools/README.md)

![](./static/devtools.png)

- Added support for [new custom action](https://developer.harness.io/docs/internal-developer-portal/flows/custom-actions#2-triggertrigger-pipeline-with-webhook), that can execute pipeline with custom webhook based triggers. 

> - RBAC is revamped with new roles (IDP Admin and IDP Platform Engineering) and permissions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Access Control is revamped with new roles (IDP Admin and IDP Platform Engineering) and permissions. 
```

> 

Reviewer 2: + [Regex support for filename](https://harness.atlassian.net/browse/IDP-1825) cc: @vigneswara-propelo

![](./static/idp-roles.png)

> 

Reviewer 2: We can also mention about project picker enhancement to not limit the number of projects to 50

> 

Reviewer 2: Also, the platform favorites support

- **Videos:** [How to set the Owner of a Software Component](https://youtu.be/pQvqWBrXIhk?si=LqkJBDo63we929L4)

#### New features and enhancements

- Added Support for New [Devtools Plugin](https://github.com/backstage/backstage/blob/master/plugins/devtools/README.md)

![](./static/devtools.png)

- Added support for [new custom action](https://developer.harness.io/docs/internal-developer-portal/flows/custom-actions#2-triggertrigger-pipeline-with-webhook), that can execute pipeline with custom webhook based triggers. 

- Access Control is revamped with new roles (IDP Admin and IDP Platform Engineering) and permissions. 

![](./static/idp-roles.png)

- Added support for persistent platform favourites, which allows users to star their most visited pages and also it gives information on the recently visited pages. 

- Enhanced the custom project picker to increase the hard limit of 50. 

- Added support for regex in file name input in Scorecards. 

> ![](./static/checks-idp.png)

Reviewer 2: We can mention plugin page revamp as well!
